well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about what
murphy
of murphy's law can teach us about the
president
and his intent most people are familiar
with murphy's law
the main one if it can't go wrong it
will go wrong
that is certainly the most famous the
thing is murphy had a bunch of laws
murphy was a grunt most of his laws
dealt with that
but they can be applied to a whole lot
of situations
and one of his laws that really uh kind
of always stuck with me
is the one that says the diversion you
are ignoring
is the main attack
right now you have a bunch of people a
bunch of people saying not to worry
about that tweet that he doubled down on
at his press conference
don't worry that he's just rage tweeting
he's just trying to get the liberals
stirred up
it's a diversion it's a distraction
maybe maybe
and then there's a bunch of people
saying well you know even if he did
delay the elections he'd
he'd leave power that's that's not how
it works see according to the
constitution and the law
this is what's supposed to happen yeah
that's what it says
that is what it says those words on
paper
say that
those words that are in the same
document
that are supposed to protect us from
unreasonable search and seizure
the same document that gives control of
immigration
to the states not the feds the same one
that says
you can peaceably assemble the same one
that protects the press
as journalists are deliberately targeted
in the street those words on paper
mean nothing if people don't follow them
when you have many republicans
giving lukewarm responses to this
well it's probably not a good idea
probably doesn't cut it
probably enough
i get it i get it
at the end of the day it's just a tweet
doesn't matter
the law says he can't do it i understand
it can't happen here
right don't take that stance
accept this for what it is he's telling
you his intent
he's trying to delegitimize the election
that's what he's doing
it has nothing to you know people are
talking about it being safe as if
it's really him being concerned about
the public health issue
it's not he's talking about voter fraud
the 14th characteristic that's what it's
about to him
it's about delegitimizing the election
he says it the safety
and security thing no that's just window
dressing
to get you to agree to a delay
if there is a delay there will be no
election
at the end of the day president trump
wants the same thing
that every first-term president wants
a second term he's come to the
conclusion
that he's probably not going to get that
at the polls
so there's going to be another way to do
it
there's got to be something else he can
do
delay it declare an emergency use the
playbook he's been following
for three years
don't blow this off this is him
exposing his face exposing who he is
he does not care about democracy he does
not care about the republic he doesn't
care about your voice he never did and
it doesn't matter what side of the aisle
you're on
he cares about power and himself
just like every other wannabe dictator
this is the warning that
if it isn't heated historians are going
to look back on
and just the way we look back on the
rise of others throughout history
they're going to sit there how did they
let this happen
because we thought the same thing they
thought it can't
happen here but it can
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night